g:\patrick\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\bin\Debug\CharacterManager.exe.config
g:\patrick\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\bin\Debug\x64\SQLite.Interop.dll
g:\patrick\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\bin\Debug\x86\SQLite.Interop.dll
g:\patrick\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\bin\Debug\CharacterManager.exe
g:\patrick\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\bin\Debug\CharacterManager.pdb
g:\patrick\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
g:\patrick\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
g:\patrick\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
g:\patrick\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
g:\patrick\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
g:\patrick\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
g:\patrick\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
g:\patrick\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
g:\patrick\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\obj\Debug\CharacterManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
g:\patrick\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
g:\patrick\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\obj\Debug\CharacterManager_Content.g.cs
g:\patrick\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\obj\Debug\CharacterManager_MarkupCompile.cache
g:\patrick\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\obj\Debug\CharacterManager.g.resources
g:\patrick\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\obj\Debug\CharacterManager.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
g:\patrick\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\obj\Debug\CharacterManager.exe
g:\patrick\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\obj\Debug\CharacterManager.pdb
g:\patrick\dokumente\visual studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\bin\Debug\db.s3db
G:\Patrick\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.dll
G:\Patrick\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\bin\Debug\RibbonControlsLibrary.dll
G:\Patrick\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.pdb
G:\Patrick\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.xml
G:\Patrick\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\bin\Debug\RibbonControlsLibrary.pdb
G:\Patrick\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\bin\Debug\RibbonControlsLibrary.xml
G:\Patrick\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\obj\Debug\Windows\Main\MainWindow.baml
G:\Patrick\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\obj\Debug\Windows\Main\MainWindow.g.cs
G:\Patrick\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\bin\Debug\CharacterManager.ini
G:\Patrick\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\bin\Debug\Languages\de-DE.txt
G:\Patrick\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\bin\Debug\IniWrapper.dll
G:\Patrick\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\bin\Debug\IniWrapper.pdb
G:\Patrick\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\bin\Debug\Languages\en-EN.txt
G:\Patrick\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
G:\Patrick\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\obj\Debug\CharacterManager_MarkupCompile.lref
G:\Patrick\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\obj\Debug\DarkSunProgramming.Properties.Resources.resources
G:\Patrick\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\CharacterFileElement.baml
G:\Patrick\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\obj\Debug\UserControls\CharacterFileElement.g.cs
G:\Patrick\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\obj\Debug\Windows\Dialogs\EditCharacterFileDialog.g.cs
G:\Patrick\Dokumente\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CharacterManager\CharacterManager\obj\Debug\Windows\Dialogs\EditCharacterFileDialog.baml
